hey everybody how's it going inside iff
78 here on bringing you a m16 game on
summit a flawless game with the m16 if
that um I posted this match before but I
had put some music at the end of the
game the song by foreigners hot blooded
and uh it was like so we're had it been
like not even a minute of the song and
freaking w wa or whatever the music
thing is took it off and um muted the
audio so I just took this video down and
I'm gonna repost it so it's a false game
of the m16 I want to explain my class
out to you because I do have a few
things I need to say and then teach you
guys a little bit something but if you
don't already know but um the m16 has
always been known for its lack of not
being on a shoot up close the hips the
hips spread is really wide and it
doesn't shoot accurately because of the
burst fire mainly not not let alone that
its assault rifle but the fact that
adding bad effects to it you know with
the burst fire so I'm I just put the
master key attachment on here which
eliminates all problems at close range
because the master key is almost as I
would almost say me personally would say
it's better than they stake out or the
HS 10 you know something like that I
wouldn't say it's better than this pass
or the burr limpiar but uh other than
that yeah the master keys a really good
option to put on the bottom of this gun
um if you don't want to do that i would
recommend a flamethrower or something
that could suffice for a close-range um
I don't even know what call it close
range still supplement there we go um
another thing another key tactic with
this gun is if you really want to keep
your ammo up you scavenger I do sit in
this building a lot up here nobody
really rushes me too much so I don't
really get any scavenger packs but if
you're sitting around a good area and
you get scavenger paxton uh you'll last
a long time bail to build your
killstreaks up you know get a nice
little 20 kill streak going but I
scavengers a good perk to use of the m16
it scavenges a good perk to use with any
assault rifle as a flash myself and fail
epicly and then my second perk choices
slide a hand so I can reload the master
key faster most shotguns are known for
slow reload times and slow 80s
not not necessarily slow 80s but they
are kinda slow slow reload times is what
they're mainly known for and so I just
take care of that problem with sauna
hamro then my third perk is hacker I
think just to keep did freakin equipment
quite claymores is just ridiculously
used in this game but I have suffice
that with a flak jacket now I run flak
jacket and tack mask perfect combination
because now people throw know the guys
have to stand right in the middle of it
and uh you know if you want to try that
out and a flak jacket in the tank mounts
flak jackets a really good perk I get
span with grenades and whatnot and it's
just a dude I arca people throw grenades
at me now and I run to them because they
don't excuse me they don't kill you at
all I don't kill you at all I don't kill
you they'll kill you working on TAC
master pro so I can be almost immune to
any grenades you know I stun grenades
class names etc I don't know what I was
doing here i think i was texting and I
was just moving around and it's going to
sit here and then this idiot comes up
here I think I've heard him or something
when i got my SS anyone there then I
just started building my killstreaks
from there but uh another you know your
tack mask would defend you from you know
your tactical maids and then your
primary grenade would be your flak
jacket oh but other than that I really
don't have any more tips arrays bad map
I don't really like it won't vote for it
if it gets up there it's not my problem
but uh you know whatever I got a 32a no
gameplay on it so i hope you enjoyed
this game and uh I'm gonna leave you
guys the rest of this video because I
don't have anything else to say I went
over my class really quickly and uh I
hope you guys enjoy I'll comment like
subscribe if you like my videos and I
will talk to you guys later hopefully
waiting for your mark our spy planes in
the air dogs incoming brittany kiwi
about
Bradley five lady about
don't quit
I'm out
sticky
they should accomplish the good work